enterprise: allow deletion/modification of users when in read-only mode (#12289)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/enterprise/manage-enterprise.md

- After another 2 weeks, users get a warning banner

> - After another 2 weeks, the authentik Enterprise instance becomes "read-only"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After another 2 weeks (six weeks after the expiry date), the authentik Enterprise instance becomes "read-only".
```

    When an authentik instance has gone into read-only mode, the following actions can still be done:

    - Users can authenticate and authorize applications
    - Licenses can be modified
    - Users can be modified/deleted <span class="badge badge--version">authentik 2024.10.5+</span>

>     Once the user count returns to be within the limits of the license, authentik will return to the standard read-write mode and the notification will disappear.

Reviewer: Oh. I thought the problem was that the license had expired, not the number of users...? This is a it confusing... Do we mean both, that either the license has expired AND/OR the number of users has exceeded the licensed amount?

>     Once the user count returns to be within the limits of the license, authentik will return to the standard read-write mode and the notification will disappear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    After the user count returns to be within the limits of the license, authentik resets to the standard read-write mode and the notification will disappear.
```

>     Once the user count returns to be within the limits of the license, authentik will return to the standard read-write mode and the notification will disappear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    After the violation is corrected (either the user count returns to be within the limits of the license or the license is renewed), authentik will return to the standard read-write mode and the notification will disappear.
```
